---
layout: single
title:  "Thread of Fashion - new e-shop"
date:   2020-03-25 19:07:42 +0000
categories:
  - update
  - thread-of-fashion
author: donatas
---

As mentioned in previous post, we have moved our online shop to new domain and host.
It's a complete re-design and to be fair - great improvement!

Welcome to new page!: [Thread Of Fashion](https://www.thread-of-fashion.com).
It has better delivery options:

- UK/Europe have option of free delivery once reaching certain threashold in the basket
- Delivery costs are split by weight of basket according to our delivery provider: RoyalMail. It's vague for UK (local) deliveries but finely grained elsewhere. Note: RoyalMail is optimal an suggested for parcels up to 2kg
- Simpler colour selections
- Nicer navigation

We miss ability to clearly provide colour codes along with colour names so filters are slightly misleading if you notice.
Nevertheless, filters are generated by colour codes.
All codes are unified for convenient so when using a filter - don't mind the code attached to colour.
Each type of yarn will have it's own.
Note as well: some multi coloured yarns not possible to include into filter so just marked as drop down.

The works on improving the website will carry on but should not change a design so no confusion for foreseeable future.
We continuing to fill in shop section - trying to not only transfer products but make it nice for you.
Providing general information and some personal description/insight.

We hope you are going to enjoy this new e-shop as much as we do.
